docs: add warning about rem unit inheritance in Shadow Root UI (#2330)
wxt-dev/wxt: docs/guide/resources/faq.md

Both issues have the same fix: tell the library to put elements inside the `ShadowRoot`, not outside it. See the details above for more information and example fixes for each problem.

## My content script UI looks too big or too small on certain websites

> If your `createShadowRootUi` looks correct on most sites but appears at the wrong size on others (e.g., Reddit), the issue is likely caused by `rem` units. The `rem` unit is relative to the `<html>` element's `font-size`, which lives outside the Shadow DOM. When a website overrides it, your UI scales incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## My content script UI looks different on certain websites

If your `createShadowRootUi` looks correct on most sites but appears at the wrong size on others (e.g., Reddit), 
That's because `rem` unit is relative to the `<html>` element's `font-size`, which lives outside the Shadow DOM. When a website overrides it, your UI scales incorrectly.
```
